chore(zh): maintain redirected links (part 2) (#22802)
mdn/translated-content: files/zh-tw/web/javascript/reference/statements/function_star_/index.md

#### `IteratorResult` object returned instead of throwing

> Starting with Gecko 29, the completed generator function no longer throws a {{jsxref("TypeError")}} "generator has already finished". Instead, it returns an `IteratorResult` object like `{ value: undefined, done: true }` ([Firefox bug 958951](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id%3D958951)).

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with Gecko 29, the completed generator function no longer throws a {{jsxref("TypeError")}} "generator has already finished". Instead, it returns an `IteratorResult` object like `{ value: undefined, done: true }` ([Firefox bug 958951](https://bugzil.la/958951)).
```

- Other web resources:

  - [Regenerator](http://facebook.github.io/regenerator/) an ES2015 generator compiler to ES5

>   - [Forbes Lindesay: Promises and Generators: control flow utopia — JSConf EU 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v%3DqbKWsbJ76-s)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [Forbes Lindesay: Promises and Generators: control flow utopia — JSConf EU 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbKWsbJ76-s)
```
